INTRO TO MY CRYPTO BLOG:

Cryptocurrency will become the 12th sector of the S&P which will eliminate the middleman and banks between.At this point, a cryptocurrency has more value than it received ten years ago.

Entry Level Withdrawal (we’re waiting, actually) MIXED DOLLARS The entry level paying into traditional index funds is 14%.

Actual industry is dangerous The 10k% withdrawal limit is worse Precious metals are making Bitcoin look like gold.

ETFs might be a better bet November Foolay Bitcoin goes big wide in 2014 CoinPub will be the new way of mining QSPO gets ready for AGMs Guccifer 2.0 gets media coverage Crypto markets in meltdown, close out of BTCS ETN struggle with gas SGMA get gold price underway How to buy NEO on Zebpay as Korea supports online economy Finally, Iron Man 3 opens on coinshoot Ethereum develops sophisticated artificial intelligence Custom Cryptocurrency stories from Silicon Valley What happened to Ethereum today Micro? May 22nd at 1 PM ET I know what you think I know what you think Bitcoin Bytes trade returns can yie fu LLAR at 1PMET by Lucy Koh 12 Nov 2017 One of the world's biggest cryptocurrencies Seized this morning , saying that it had opened an initial public offering scheme under the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

This being a crypto coin that has been around for barely over a week , we have hardly any coverage to cover it. That being said Ethereum Virtual Machine core code dev/wallets) seems to work.

It’s going to happen over the next few years, watch.

CRYPTOCURRENCIES – BLOCKCHAIN:

Cryptocurrencies and blockchains have become hot topics in the last couple of years.As set out above, blockchain can be applied in various sectors and can have a wide array of applications.     

However, one major application that has been discussed incessantly and given lot of attention is cryptocurrencies.Today cryptocurrencies are among other applications of blockchains are no frills, cryptocurrency-only networks which implement their own versions of blockchain like Genesis Block and Bitcoin.

The first blockchain was conceptualized by an individual or a group going under the alias” Satoshi Nakamoto” whose identity remains unknown till date.The first blockchain namely the “Genesis block” was launched for public use in 2009.The Genesis block contained 50 bitcoins which have never moved since then.. These coins have never been used but remain in “dark storage” to compensate members who maintain the network.This metaphorically represents new life (new born baby) being brought into this world (bitcoin – block).

By enabling digital exchange of money or data directly between parties, without any intermediary ,blockchain essentially operates as a distributed database.

Here individual information is encrypted digitally through cryptographic mechanism where each participant owns and controls their own copies of data i.e it is decentralised.(Source) With the mind-boggling innovation on disruption caused by cyberspaces on our day to day lives, lots of us are naturally skeptical about embracing any kind of dramatic change like VIRTUAL CURRENCIES i.e Cryptocurrencies - A negationist .... or one could be ignorant (Old Schooler) until one comes across something that touches him closely personally .Same is applicable with people from many nations


SCOPE OF CRYPTO :

Popularly we are focused on incorporating cryptocash into the world of cryptocurrencies. 

Support for cryptocurrencies is being mass ported and supported by a wide range of external parties who create healthcare applications, online travel agencies, brands aimed at third-party verification services and gaming tools. 

This tide is changing, with user acceptance proving to be a major barrier in practical adoption and poling through chaos land of blockchains has been one of the largest challenges encountered by developers of cryptocurrency systems.  Cryptocurrencies were developing new layers to scale such applications while making them far simpler to put together an asset based attempt since it was already implemented in physical form.  Who can predict what the future holds? 

Who would agree with what we may say for history? The sky was never properly dark without light however which is all bullshit within reason.


SHOULD YOU INVEST IN CRYPTO?

Will investing in crypto will make you a millionaire in the upcoming years?Is it a Subjective thing and how we use it or an fancy idea of this society?

And is it actually a real thing?My readers will see the list of people who believe in and do what we do.

Bitcoin, Yes. Would you buy anything for new york or for pennys worth? I'm very fond of those things and but yes you can buy them with crypto currency and no one will be disappointed that having money lost because they never tried this particular tool.

If you are into investing ,Don't use everything in hand ,just make an small investment after gaining a proper knowledge and guidance about it.

Thereby i conclude crypto will be a big market further ,which also going to create new technologies and technical jobs ahead in future years.